updated servicePrincipalType (#12350)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/serviceprincipal.md

|replyUrls|String collection|The URLs that user tokens are sent to for sign in with the associated application, or the redirect URIs that OAuth 2.0 authorization codes and access tokens are sent to for the associated application. Not nullable. |
|samlSingleSignOnSettings|[samlSingleSignOnSettings](samlsinglesignonsettings.md)|The collection for settings related to saml single sign-on.|
|servicePrincipalNames|String collection|Contains the list of **identifiersUris**, copied over from the associated [application](application.md). Additional values can be added to hybrid applications. These values can be used to identify the permissions exposed by this app within Azure AD. For example,<ul><li>Client apps can specify a resource URI which is based on the values of this property to acquire an access token, which is the URI returned in the “aud” claim.</li></ul><br>The any operator is required for filter expressions on multi-valued properties. Not nullable.|

> |servicePrincipalType|String|Identifies if the service principal represents an application, a managed identity, or a legacy application. This is set by Azure AD internally. The **servicePrincipalType** property can be set to three different values: <ul><li>__Application__ - a service principal that represents an [application](./application.md). The **appId** property *must* be set the unique identifier for the associated app registration. If that app registration is missing, tokens are not issued for the service principal.</li><li>__ManagedIdentity__ - a service principal that represents a [managed identity](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview).</li><li>__Legacy__ - a service principal that represents an app created before app registrations. The service principal can have credentials, service principal names, reply URLs, and other properties which are editable by the user, but does not have a backing application. The **AppId** exists but doesn't point to anything. The service principal only works in the tenant where it was created.</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|servicePrincipalType|String|Identifies if the service principal represents an application, a managed identity, or a legacy application. This is set by Azure AD internally. The **servicePrincipalType** property can be set to three different values: <ul><li>__Application__ - a service principal that represents an application or service. The **appId** property identifies the associated app registration, and matches the **appId** of an [application](application.md), possibly from a different If the associated app registration is missing, tokens are not issued for the service principal.</li><li>__ManagedIdentity__ - a service principal that represents a [managed identity](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview). Service principals representing managed identities can be granted access and permissions, but cannot be updated or modified directly.</li><li>__Legacy__ - a service principal that represents an app created before app registrations, or through legacy experiences. Legacy service principal can have credentials, service principal names, reply URLs, and other properties which are editable by an authorized user, but does not have an associated app registration. The **appId** value does not associate the service principal with a an app registration. The service principal can only be used in the tenant where it was created.</li></ul>|
```
